Given an illustration of an array representation:

          Notation: If there are 2 names, the first name is a data type and the second is a variable name.
                  If there is only 1 name, it represents a variable name, you determine the data type of the variable based on the illustration.
Activity:
A)  Write an appropriate definition of datatype charList. In addition, define MAX as a macro name for the maximum size of the array.
B)  Given a function specification:
    Given a list and an element X, function findElem() will return true if element X is in the list; otherwise return false.
    Note:  The header file stdbool.h has a bool data type with values: true and false
    Constraints:  Only 1 return statement
                  No break and continue statements

    Do the following steps to better understand functions and how to create them:
    1)  Write an appropriate function header of function findElem().
    2)  Write an appropriate function call. Before the call, declare the variable/s used in the call and 
        initialize the variable/s if necessary. Note: Do not pass garbage values to the called function.
    3)  Assume that the function call in #2 is in main() function, draw the execution stack (call stack) representing the call.
        For each variable, draw a box and label it with name, value, and address. Note: You can use arbitrary addresses such as A100, B100, etc.
    4)  Write the code of the function findElem().
    5)  Simulate the function using the following test cases:
        a) the list is empty
        b) the list is not empty and element X is in the list
        c) the list is not empty and element X is not in the list  

C) Given a function specification:
   Given a list and an element X, function deleteElem() will remove the 1st occurrence of element X from the list.
   Constraint: NO break and continue statements
   TO DO: Perform 5 steps in B)
   Modified Test Cases:
     a) List is not empty and element X is at the
         i) first position in the list
        ii) last position in the list
       iii) middle position in the list
     b) List is not empty and element X is not in the list
     c) List is empty    

D) Given a function specification:
   Given a list and an element X, function deleteAllOccur() will remove all occurrences of element X from the list.
   Constraint: NO break and continue statements
   TO DO: Perform steps 1-4 in B) and Test cases in C)
   